improve section on Status Types and introduce IANA registry for it (#186)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

# Status Types {#status-types}

> This document defines statuses of Referenced Tokens as Status Type values. A status describes the state, mode, condition or stage of an entity that represented ny the Referenced Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document defines statuses of Referenced Tokens as Status Type values. A status describes the state, mode, condition or stage of an entity that is represented by the Referenced Token.
```

Is this what you meant?
